Why don't you try it too
Feed on flesh and blood
You demons
Not a thing
It's disgusting.
I'm not a thing
How does it compare to you?
We are the same.
That's the deal.
When my purpose is achieved
You and I don't owe each other
Me and you disgusting filth
It's different.
Now that you know it's just a deal
What about your bargaining chip?
I just know you messed up
This is your mistake.
What a coincidence
Why don't you do it yourself?
You asked me to kill a sword fairy
Your mouth really deserves a cure
What do you think you are?
I thought I had received the recognition of the artifact spirit
This work is helpless
Even the tool spirit is not afraid in this work
Don't talk to Ben like that in the future